Improve grammar and writing in Pipeline compilations page (#10257)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/performance/pipeline_compilations.rst

.. _doc_pipeline_compilations:

Reducing stutter from shader (pipeline) compilations
====================================================

Pipeline compilation, also commonly known as shader compilation, is an expensive
operation required by the engine to be able to draw any kind of content with the
GPU.

In more precise terms, *shader compilation* involves the translation of the GLSL
code that Godot generates into an intermediate format that can be shared across
systems (such as SPIR-V when using Vulkan). However, this format can't be used
by the GPU directly.

> *Pipeline compilation* is the step the GPU driver performs where it'll convert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Pipeline compilation* is the step the GPU driver performs where it converts
```
or
```suggestion
*Pipeline compilation* is the step where the GPU driver converts
```
